have
repeatedly mentioned and we reiterate
this today that alaa flood on the 7th of
October in
2023 was a necessary step and a natural
response to face and counter the
conspiracies and plots to eliminate to
eliminate the Palestinian cause launched
by Netanyahu government with American
Administration to take control over the
land and
to to Prevail their control over Al aam
mosque and to continue their brutal and
unjust Siege against the Gaza STP and
therefore such an operation was
necessary to put an end to all these in
order to rid ourselves of the occupation
and Revive Our Palestinian rights and
attain to freedom and Independence just
like other peoples of the world and to
retain our right to selfdetermination
and establish our fully sovereign
country with Jerusalem as its capital
with the continued aggression in Gaza
and the West Bank and our people
continue to fight and struggle for their
freedom setting amazing examples in
fortitude steadfastness against the
brutal military and Zionist War Machine
we have decided to offer our Palestinian
people and to our the Arab Nations and
Muslim nations and to the fre peoples of
the world and those who support
righteousness those who oppose
oppression those Defenders of human
dignity we have decided to submit a
document entitled this is our story why
alaa flood this
document this document we are placing it
before the Arab Muslim and international
public opinion to explain the truth
about what ensued in the 7th of October
why this flood was
conducted and what kind of context is
related to the Palestinian cause and to
refute these Zionist claims and to put
the facts and present the facts as they
are anyone who wishes can have access to
this um document either by scanning the
QR code or uh by visiting our page on um
telegram next topic is about starvation
and the femine experienced by the Gaza
Strip with the increased number of
displaced
people and without the provision of any
appropriate shelters and with the
scarcity of food
supplies and the lack of such supplies
in many areas in Gaza more than half
million of our peoples in the northern
part of Gaza are perilous and they are
risking starvation we are talking about
600,000 Palestinians including men women
and
children all these people
are risking uh
starvation and this is a fact it's not
an exaggeration as
they spend days and days without having
any meals due to the lack of food
supplies and all sorts of food including
vegetables canned food Etc which is the
minimum basic life requirements for any
human being this serious catastrophic uh
situation which no words can serve to
describe neither in news or in any
statements the repercussions of which
can never be described against 2 million
people due to the lack of supply of such
Aid and
supplies as the people of Northern Gaza
they had to ground an animal stock F to
consume so that they can sustain their
lives stand before this exacerbating
humanitarian
situation which could lead to the
increased number of people who
die if not killed by the bombardments
they would die of
starvation thirst and due to their
sickness and therefore we would like to
confirm the following especially when
the entire world is witnessing such a
heinous crime without without um acting
to such crimes we hold the Zionist
government and the Biden and an
Administration full
responsibility of all these heinous and
brutal crimes perpetrated against our
people in Gaza especially the Northern
parts of Gaza second we call upon the wh
to take immediate action and announce
Gaza as a femine or um a zone of femine
and to take necessary measures to to
stop the exacerbation of such
humanitarian catastrophe we also call
upon the on organization to to shoulder
their
responsibility and uh perform their
duties to deliver all sorts of supplies
and AIDS to all people in Gaza and this
is the honor was legal and
responsibility and their mandate as
established by the United Nations we
call upon them not to buckle or budge
against the threats of the occupation we
also
call we call on an urgent call for Aid
in coordination with
relevant international
organization and stress the need to
allow Aid materials either by land by
sea and by air and we call upon the ISL
organization and the Arab League leaders
and head states of our Arab and Muslim
nations to intervene
immediately to exercise pressure to
allow the opening of
corridors and to send um Caravans of Aid
to prevent a real and true uh
starvation uh of 2 million people in
Gaza and I believe that we don't we
don't need here to talk about
righteousness and I would like to remind
you that Arabs in the
past they have rejected the blockade
against the prophet Muhammad and
his third the American position in
regarding the Palestinian State over the
past few days we have monitored and
followed the positions and stance is as
expressed by the war criminal
Netanyahu and claiming
that that the um that their security
would have full control of the entire
land and they stressed their rejection
of a Palestinian State who have who have
always denied and rejected the existence
of our people and their legitimate
rights we have also monitored and
followed up the international reactions
especially the United States
Administration and President Joe
Biden sending messages to reassuring
those people who still um wager on
political Solutions or
normalization proposals with this Nazi
entity by and I quote what Biden has
just said that Netanyahu doesn't object
all existing Solutions uh on the two
State
solution followed by netanyahu's office
few hours
later uh rejecting the statements by
biding and reiterate the rejection of
establishing a Palestinian State this
confirms the wellestablished
fact that no
one no one standing before this
terrorist and
Nazi entity no party can ensure or
guarantee a political Solution on the
other hand such statements only express
only express an American Ploy that
allows the Israelis the time
and they try to Varnish and bleach the
image of the
occupation and they seek to um integrate
such an entity in the region through
normalization projects and denying our
people their rights our message here is
very clear to Washington and to
President
Biden who who's who is an accomplice in
the genocide committed against our
people by the forces of the occupation
with weapons and arm supplied every day
through decisions of the president Biden
they bear the responsibility of every
Palestinian drop of blood be it that of
young people women or um or
men and their statements
that pretend or claim to support the
establishment of a Palestinian State
such statement will continue to lack
credibility unless the aggression stops
IM immediately and unless
the ordinance ammunition and weapons do
not stop being supplied to the Israeli
uh entity and unless such an entity is
compelled and bound by an international
resolution to stop the genocidal War and
the bombardments of civilians Around the
Clock in the Gaza step if they do not do
such requirements they they confirm
their lack of credibility we as
Palestinians we have said over and over
that we will never
agree
custodianship over our people and we
will not accept we will not settle for
less than an
independent and Sovereign Palestinian
state with Jerusalem as its capital and
allowing Palestinian people who have
been moved out of their towns and
villages to return to their homes and
proposals to circumvent the rights of
our people without any content will
never succeed so I advise these parties
to spare a valueless
effort fourth talking about the
escalation in the
region we hold the American
Administration the responsibility for
the escalation we are witnessing in the
region by their continued support of the
occup and their aggression and we would
like to stress that re Reviving and
reinstituting calm and peace in the
region
is conditional to ending the aggression
against our people in Gaza and establish
the independent and sovereign state of
Palestine and they they try to escape
their crisis by exporting their Cris es
outside as they conduct assassination
operations and they conduct aggressions
against Lebanon who are supporting our
cause they conduct aggressions against
Syria threatening our security seeking
the help of the Americans to expand the
war in the region this criminal
enemy are attempting to um to um to
attack the sovereignty of countries our
people and decision makers in the region
they are required to think of the post
Netanyahu era and after such a Nazi
extreme government has fallen they need
to work seriously on getting rid of such
a government as a first step on the way
to eliminating such an occupation in our
land we we in Hamas we could condemn the
American um CL classification of the
hthi um group in Yemen as a terrorist
group and we condemn the the British and
the UK aggression against against
Yemen and we consider this as a
determination or American determination
to militarize the Red Sea and in support
of the Israeli occupation and it's a
crime against our Arab and Muslim nation
and we support our friends and brothers
in Yemen Iraq and
Lebanon and we pray for the um we pray
for um their fallen soldiers and we
commend their support our people
defending the AA mosque and Jerusalem
fighting a brutal and Nazi occupation
that threatens the stability in our
entire region it is a time now to to
sever the hand of the occupation that
conducts aggressions against our people
and against the entire region we
reiterate that we shall continue our
steadfastness our struggle and our
people who have always paved their path
of struggle with um with Victory you've
been listening to Osama hamdan senior
representative of Hamas in Lebanon now
he had several messages he justified
hamas's October the 7th attack which
killed 1200 people in Israel saying it
was quote necessary to free ourselves
and establish our right to
self-determination he also warned about
starvation in Gaza and the unfolding
humanitarian crisis they're calling on
the UN the World Health Organization to
declare famine in Gaza he also called on
the U noted Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's recent and repeated
rejection of Palestinian
statehood